you're trying to run my life you are
paying me to make you a new life
politics left you for an opportunity you
did not want to go with a guy I did so I
left he was slime in a desert getting
you
good old Pete who never told the pig lie
to his wife you never asked
oh I'm asking now times for women
there's more than just winning I've told
you that the first time you came in the
door and you used to believe in that you
used to believe that to believe in tooth
fairies okay
my job is to get you in once you're
there you do whatever your conscience
tells you more seductive than sex even I
have this is fantastic symbiosis he's
good he's very good you want to stay in
office I understand business more
precious than gold like the process
doesn't interest me mr. st. John what
does is that you have an 85 percent
success rate he goes where the money is
more addictive than any drug you're
right there's no time there's no money
tennis you can make me back and one man
can get it for you for a price the tap
on the phone my office phone - I found a
bugger hmm I'm not sure Oh
when you start thinking it didn't matter
you oh you think it's all some kind of
game don't you why don't you just do
what you've always done just to let Cade
and get paid Richard Gere Julie Christie
Gene Hackman Kate Capshaw Denzel
Washington eg Marshall and Beatrice
straight in a Sidney Lumet film power
nothing else comes close